In this
exercise, once again we're going to use a constructor function to create
a post object. But this constructor object, is a little bit
different than the constructor function you wrote in an earlier exercise.
So here's the scenario. Imagine we're building a blogging
engine, the user is drafting a post, but they have not
published it yet, what do you think that constructor function should
look like? So spend a couple minutes on this exercise, when you're done
come back and continue watching.
Alright, let's start by creating this
constructor function, we're going to call that post, and note the
capitol P here, so what parameters do we need here?
Obviously we need the title and the body and the
author, but we don't need the number of views, because the
first time we create a post, views should be set to zero, and
every time we view that post we increment that value. So views
is not something that we want to pass here, we want to use a default value
of zero, when initializing this post object.
The same is true for the comments property. For a new
post that has not been published yet, we don't have any comments
so we don't want to add a comments parameter here. The same is true
for the isLive property. We want to set this to
false. by default so there is really no need to add
an extra parameter in this function. So
we should aim to have functions with fewer parameters. The more
parameters a function has, the harder it gets to use it, okay?
So here, we're going to set this.title
to the title argument, the same is true for the body,
property and author.
Now, for the views, I'm going to initialize this
to 0, similarly we're going to
initialize comments to an empty array, so
in the future we can add new objects to this array, and then finally
we set isLive to false. Now,
instead of initializing this post object here,
we're going to call our constructor function,
pass the title, body, and author,
and finally let's log this on the console.
So, we can see
author body and title properties are initialized based
on the values that we passed here. But the author properties have default
values. So comments is initialized to an empty array, isLive
is false, and views is 0.